---
layout: mix
title:  "Melodies of December 2019"
yt: 7JRlnJhN3QI
sc: https://soundcloud.com/melodic-mixes4/melodic-mix-december-2019
mc: https://www.mixcloud.com/Cosmetify/melodic-mix-december-2019
audius: https://audius.co/cosmetify/melodic-mix-december-2019-114517
lbry: https://lbry.tv/Melodic-Mix-December-2019
audiomack: https://audiomack.com/ceruleanight/song/melodic-mix-december-2019
hearthisat: https://hearthis.at/cerulean/melodies-of-december-2019
nippy: https://nippyspace.com/v/fbb256
bay: https://bayfiles.com/v64dNa73pd
---

#### Beatcore & Ashley Apollodor - Everyday [00:00]
The melodic dubstep duo is back yet again, with their best track yet. The melody in this one is extra euphoric, along with inspirational lyrics.

#### Blanke Ft. Calivania - Flatline [03:21]
Something about this track feels like an old melodic dubstep song. I'm not quite sure why though. Nevertheless, the melodies are on point with lovely vocals.

#### Fells Ft. Emily McNally - Until the Day [06:52]
A blissful, energetic track. The guitar is a really nice touch too. Add on the summer vibes and you've got an amazing tune.

#### Adam Pearce Ft. Luma - All Of My Love [09:51]
A beautiful track with beautiful melodies and vocals. What more could you want?

#### 4URA - Where I Am [12:45]
This track took me by surprise. Discovering new artists is always nice, especially when the track is so good (duh). But wow, the drop is something a little different and it really works.

#### AWAKEND & Herrin Ft. Luma - Feels Like A Dream (DVRKCLOUD Remix) [15:58]
While this track was just in the last mix, this remix really does it justice. DVRKCLOUD really knows how to put the emotions of the vocals in his drops.

#### Jason Ross & Seven Lions Ft. Emilie Brandt - Known You Before [20:11]
JR & SL is back at it again with a gritty progressive trance tune. I really like the different sounds they used to create quite the unique track.

#### 9Lives & Impulse Ft. Philip Matta - Again [23:41]
Mainstream progressive house tracks don't wow me as much as they once have. But this one is a little different, while keeping the same vibe the genre is known for.

#### Kbubs Ft. Kyle Reynolds - Stranger (Nomra & Jake Wolfe Remix) [27:19]
An interesting progressive house track heavily inspired by Audien. Honestly if someone told me it was a track by Audien, I'd believe them. Still a great track regardless!

#### Tritonal Ft. Rosie Darling - Never Be The Same (Crystal Skies Remix) [30:03]
Another crazy good remix from Crystal Skies. They did a great job transforming the song from progressive house to melodic dubstep.

#### Tsukasa Ft. Aki Misawa - The Clear Blue Sky (Pendarr Remix) [33:35]
Something I rarely include, euphoric happy hardcore. Though this track is a little different than most, which is why I find it so endearing. It's pretty chill for the genre, which is a nice break from the crazy fast stuff.

#### Yukiyanagi - Intro [37:11]
I was kinda surprised when I noticed two happy hardcore tracks in this playlist/mix. This one I really like the melody and energy. It's not overdone like a lot of the stuff out there, just simple happy hardcore with normal sounds.

#### ARMNHMR Ft. Sunnie Williams - Let Light Out [38:34]
The beauty in this song is crazy good. It's a little different, but has a good message and is super insperational.

#### Bendel Ft. North Sky - Solace [43:29]
I discovered Bendel not too long ago, and he has an interesting style. The explosion of melody near the beginning of the track has a big wow factor. Overall, the track has it's own relaxing style and it's what I really like about it. The orchestral ending is a really nice touch.

#### EMBRZ Ft. Amy Rose - Sound 4 U [46:31]
The vibe in this track is astounding. It's so simply beautiful and peaceful. These kind of tracks are so hard to find so when I come across one I just can't get enough.