---
layout: mix
title:  "Melodies of April 2019"
yt: gm0RaKnauHI
sc: https://www.mixcloud.com/Cosmetify/melodic-mix-april-2019
mc: https://soundcloud.com/melodic-mixes1/melodic-mix-april-2019
audius: https://audius.co/cosmetify/melodic-mix-april-2019-108440
lbry: https://lbry.tv/@melodicmixes:f/Melodic-Mix-April-2019:a
audiomack: https://audiomack.com/ceruleanight/song/melodic-mix-of-april-2019
hearthisat: https://hearthis.at/cerulean/melodies-of-april-2019
nippy: https://nippyspace.com/v/95ff15
bay: https://bayfiles.com/X6xaMf79p2
---

#### Seven Lions & Crystal Skies - Sojourn [00:00]
What a collab. I remember Seven Lions opening with this track when he was on tour before this was released. Such a great opener. At first I didn't think I'd like the second drop, but I have to say it grew on me. The progression is also noteworthy.

#### Jason Ross - New Dawn (Extended Club Mix) [03:43]
It's cool to see Jason still go back to his roots. While I really like his exploration into the melodic bass genre, he progressive trance is always top notch.

#### Joe Lyons - 001 [07:01]
Joe has such an amazing progressive house style. It's unique and super peaceful. Even these tracks which have a little more energy are so happy and innocent.

#### Joe Lyons - 002 [09:16]
The second track to Joe's mini EP. Both tracks are great progress house tunes. 002 is a little more relaxed, which is probably why I like it a little more.

#### Jim Yosef & STARLYTE - Insurgence [12:09]
Quite the epic track. Both producers make great progressive house, and the combination of their two styles mix real well, along with the addition of the orchestral influence.

#### Atef - Launch [15:47]
Happy hardcore isn't a genre I always listen to. But Atef managed to inject some house vibes into this one, and it works really well.

#### Awakend & Herrin Ft. Luma - Feels Like a Dream [18:36]
A great melodic dubstep track coming from two lesser known artists, along with a great vocalist. Discovering tracks like these has become quite the hobby of mine, and I'm excited to include them in my mixes.

#### Køld - Coastline [22:46]
Kold seemingly came from nowhere and started releasing a bunch of beautiful melodic dubstep. I really like the vibe in this one, a super impactful drop that really makes you feel. I can really see Kold going places quite quickly.

#### Beatcore & Ashley Apollodor - Evaporating (Where Are You Now) [26:06]
What a tune. You know it's gonna be good when you see Beatcore & Ashley Apollodor. An amazing combination no doubt. I'm always looking forward to more from these two. Someone get them on Ophelia stat.

#### IvPem - Spoken [29:18]
IvPem caught my ear a few years ago with his remix of Jónsi - Around Us. Ever since then, I've been following him. He always makes some super melodic stuff. This one is no exception. Also stop deleting your tracks dude :(

#### Xyan Ft. Slyleaf - Alive and Not Alone [32:26]
I'm super impressed by this track. The lyrics and vocals are so powerful, back by an uplifting instrumental. A super beautiful, inspiring combination.

#### ARMNHMR Ft. Soar - To Say Goodbye [35:07]
I'm not too sure why this track is titled "ARMNHMR & Soar Ft. Ashley Apollodor - To Say Goodbye". I'm 99% sure that's her vocals in this track, but it goes uncredited. Nevertheless, despite the trap influence, I quite enjoy this track considering how melodically driven it is. Plus the energy is great, making it a good track for the gym.

#### Illenium Ft. Kameron Alexander - Pray (Blanke Remix) [39:09]
Well this is an interesting track. Blanke did something a little different, but I really dig it. The production is on point, and the switch up half way through makes for a dynamic track.

#### Trivecta Ft. Monika Santucci - Tornado [42:52]
Trivecta is back with some impactful melodic dubstep. I really like the guitar influenced main lead. Overall really cool track.

#### Hajimari - Moments With You (Amaryllis Remix) [45:45]
What an action packed drum & bass tune. So much energy, along with a catchy melodic lead. It makes for quite the adventure, and it's so enjoyable.

#### William Black Ft. RUNN - Back Together [49:15]
William has been making some great melodic tracks. I really like the lyrics on this track, and the guitar driven lead is really nice touch to the song.

#### Manse x Stasius - Euphoria [52:16]
Manse/Stasius brings us quite the beautiful chillout track. Uplifting, relaxing, and peaceful. I can never get enough of these kinds of tracks. They're prefect for a summer night walk and never fail to motivate me.