---
layout: mix
title:  "Melodies of June 2020"
yt: h4GxoYXgI-4
sc: https://soundcloud.com/melodic-mixes6/melodic-mix-june-2020
mc: https://www.mixcloud.com/Cosmetify/melodic-mix-june-2020
audius: https://audius.co/cosmetify/melodic-mix-june-2020-116030
lbry: https://lbry.tv/@melodicmixes:f/Melodic-Mix-June-2020
audiomack: https://audiomack.com/cosmetify/song/melodic-mix-june-2020
hearthisat: https://hearthis.at/cosmetify/melodies-of-june-2020
nippy: https://nippyspace.com/v/4daef2
bay: https://bayfiles.com/L0U0p8A2pa
---

#### ARMNHMR Ft. Nevve - Here With Me (Culture Code Remix) [00:00]
When I first heard this set during ARMNHMR's insomniac stream, I was instantly hooked. I've been following Culture code for a long time and it's great they still stick with their style after all of this time. The switch up towards the end is the icing on the cake.

#### ARMNHMR - Bulletproof (Caslow Remix) [03:34]
Caslow is back again with another beautiful melodic tune. While I really like the original, Caslow did a great job with a different vibe.

#### ARMNHMR Ft. Saint Slumber - Infinite (Adam Pearce Remix) [06:41]
An interesting remix off the remix album. The lead synth is so smooth, with a powerful melody. Though I feel the synth could have been a little more prominent. Nevertheless, still a great remix. I really love the piano notes sprinkled throughout the song.

#### HGHLND & Luke Anders - Rescue [09:16]
Luke is back with a collab, which of course features a powerful melodic drop. Great energy and lovely vocals. The percussion drums are always a plus in my book.

#### MayTrix & DVRKCLOUD - Lost [12:03]
Two talented melodic dubstep artists in for a collab. Being someone who's listened to a lot of their tracks, I can really hear both styles combined. The second drop beings some versatility and it flows well.

#### Synthion - Aurora [15:43]
While I have to admit, the vocals get a little annoying, the instrumental to this is powerful and uplifting. I also like how Synthion varies up the song with different drum patterns than your typical kick-snare-kick-snare you normally hear in happy hardcore. And then ending is so nice.

#### Sonic Journey - All Alone [18:57]
A lovely melodic dubstep track. I can definitely hear some Jason Ross influence in the drop. The vocals sound familiar, but I don't quite remember where from.

#### Man Cub Ft. JEN - Better Now [22:16]
My favorite off of Man Cub's new EP. It's got amazing energy and has such an uplifting vibe. The build ups are so flawless and transition so well. I really hope Man Cub does more melodic dubstep.

#### Nytrix - Light Inside of Me (Dvrkcloud x David Scorz Remix) [25:15]
I really like both remixes so I ended up mashing them together. Both do an amazing job of fusing the emotion of the vocals into the drops.

#### Paper Skies, Aaron Shirk, Ehallz Ft. Brooklyn Barry - Please Say Goodbye [29:31]
Paper Skies is the only name I know here, but nonetheless this is a lovely track that's quite versatile.

#### Trivecta - Wasteland (Wooli Remix) [32:16]
I'm quite enjoying the melodic Wooli. While I did edit out the hard drops out of a couple of his collabs, it seems like the melodic sides of the song really rubbed off on him. Which is great, I'm hoping to see more melodic stuff from him!

#### Ben Walter - The Force [35:37]
It's been awhile since we've heard from Ben. Now he's back with a track done for the Outlaw Ocean. Quite the epic track too. It kinda has that Hans Zimmerman feeling to it.

#### HGHLND & Lucid Blue - Go My Way [38:43]
What a beautiful intro. I was actually expecting melodic dubstep for this one, but it turned out to be progressive trance. Overall a really nice tune.

#### Omnia - NVRLND [42:10]
Not too sure what this trend of putting abbreviations in caps for words are lately, but this tune is smooth and catchy.

#### Demiror - I (Don't) Wanna Stop [44:09]
Demiror is another one of the few who produces progressive house with such a peaceful vibe. I guess that's not surprising since Demiror is a third of Verest. But still, it's always nice to hear.

#### Kilo Ft. Adam Pastel - Worthwhile [47:16]
Here's a track I randomly stumbled upon that stuck too well; it's just so simplistically catchy.

#### Inukshuk - Broken Constellations [50:08]
This is probably my favorite off of Inukshuk's new EP. It's relaxing, yet adventurous. A relaxing journey is the best kind of journey after all. Plus the progression in the second part really adds on to the experience.

#### Bendel & FallenLights - Meraki (Bendel VIP) [53:27]
Wow. What a beautiful track. I love the acoustic elements, ending with an explosion of emotion and melancholy.