---
layout: mix
title:  "Melodies of January 2020"
yt: -3KVABYoShQ
sc: https://soundcloud.com/melodic-mixes4/melodic-mix-january-2020
mc: https://www.mixcloud.com/Cosmetify/melodic-mix-january-2020
audius: https://audius.co/cosmetify/melodic-mix-january-2020-114665
---

#### Gryffin Ft. Maia Wright - Body Back (MitiS Remix) [00:00]
MitiS' chord progression is off the charts in this amazing remix. He's really grown as an artist over the years, and you can really hear it. To add onto it, the second progressive house drop adds on even more charisma.

#### Dabin Ft. Lowell - Holding On [04:15]
A unique relaxing track from Dabin. I really like how many acoustic instruments that are combined in this track. Makes for a really unique experience.

#### Yellowcard - Only One (Nick Ledesma Remix) [07:07]
A melodic take on an old punk rock song. While this isn't one of the songs I listened to back then, these types of songs was what I listened to. So it's still kinda nostalgic for me. I think Nick did a great job.

#### Jason Ross Ft. RØRY - Chains [10:43]
My favorite off of Jason's album 1000 faces. The vibe + energy is so unique and powerful. Not much else to say, really.

#### Jason Ross Ft. Dia Frampton - Someone That I Needed [14:14]
Another great tune off of Jason's album. Great vibe and a lovely melody.

#### Jason Ross Ft. Dia Frampton - 1000 Faces [18:03]
A fairly catchy melodic dubstep tune. Jason did a great job varying his tracks on this album and keeping a wide variety.

#### ARMNHMR Ft. Nevve - Here With Me [21:01]
An interesting track from ARMNHMR, with some too real lyrics. I really like how dreamy the drop is, and the vocals sound amazing.

#### Auselot - Glow [24:19]
Huge Seven Lions vibes in this one. Though I feel like Auselot went his own route with the drop, which I quite like so it's not too similar to SL. Overall very solid track.

#### Said The Sky Ft. NÉONHÈART - Erase Me (Last Heroes Remix) [27:45]
Last Heroes is back with another massive remix. Not much else to say other than it's a top notch melodic dubstep tune.

#### Selena Gomez - Lose You To Love Me (Culture Code Remix) [30:29]
Culture Code returns to their roots with a beautiful, relaxing melodic dubstep remix. This one is a little slower, but it fits well with the vocals.

#### Afterlite Ft. Ashley Apollodor - Wasteland [34:31]
A somewhat crazy melodic dubstep tune featuring Apollodor. Any time she's featured you know it's gonna be good.

#### Warren - Save Me from Myself [39:35]
A somewhat unique mainstream progressive house track. The chill nature of the song is what really got my attention. It's got a great vibe that matches the vocals well.

#### Tritonal, HALIENE, Schala & Jorza - Long Way Home [42:24]
A massive tune coming from a few different artists, featuring beautiful vocals from HAILENE. I really like the contrast of the drops compared to the mid break of the song. And of course, good vibes is always loved.

#### Chill Satellite - For You [45:51]
Chill Satellite is out with another relaxing tune. This one reminds me of Inukshuk, with the semi-hollow sounding synths and piano driven leads.

#### Skybreak & Keskuda Ft. Leah Kelly - Drift (Jeto Remix) [49:10]
I really love the melody and vibe in this one. The high piano notes combined with the chord progression is just so beautiful.