---
layout: mix
title:  "Melodies of November 2020"
yt: Dcdbn_Y3I_0
sc: https://soundcloud.com/melodic-mixes8/melodic-mix-november-2020
mc: https://www.mixcloud.com/upload/Cosmetify/melodic-mix-november-2020
audius: https://audius.co/cosmetify/melodic-mix-november-2020-200443
lbry: https://lbry.tv/Melodic-Mix-November-2020
audiomack: https://audiomack.com/cosmetify/song/melodic-mix-november-2020
hearthisat: https://hearthis.at/cosmetify/melodies-of-november-2020
nippy: https://nippyspace.com/v/eadfc7
bay: https://bayfiles.com/T4Ad30A2pf
---

#### Trivecta & Last Heroes Ft. Runn - Waiting For You [00:00]
What a beautiful collab. Last Heroes dreamy synths + Trivecta's energy makes a great combo. The second drop's arp really works to progress the song.

#### Aaron Shirk Ft. Brooklyn Barry - Falling [03:53]
I really love a classic styled melodic dubstep track. This one does it quite well, along with mixing acoustic elements in.

#### Heimanu - Atrea [07:19]
A little bit of a darker style than I would normally include, but the song is well done and has a good melodic lead. Sometimes it's nice to break away from the normal, and it's not like it doesn't meet the melodic criteria :)

#### Tritonal, Dylan Matthew, Au5 - Happy Where We Are [10:50]
A rather unexpected collab, and man is it catchy. And of course, anything with Au5 in it, you know you're going to get a unique, solid experience.

#### Krus3 & Xyan Ft. Luke Coulson - Destiny [15:46]
Vocal melodic dubstep is something I've taken quite the liking to. It's almost like a rock song, but with melodic electronic instrumental.

#### ARMNHMR Ft. Melanie Fontana - Fragile [19:00]
ARMNHMR is back yet again with another beautiful yet unique song. I really like this one, probably because it's more melodic dubstep focused with a progressive house segment in the second drop. And of course, it's uplifting.

#### Anubis - Back To Me [22:53]
Another great melodic dubstep tune. The guitar really leaves a beautiful touch.

#### Blanke Ft. Calivania - Flatline (Reprise) [26:16]
Here I wasn't expecting something like this. The original was already fairly melodic, and then Blanke goes and releases an even more melodic version.

#### GhostDragon & Exede - Another Night [29:59]
It's really cool seeing GhostDragon, who I've included in a number of previous mixes, has got this released on Ophelia. Such a great uplifting melodic tune.

#### Far Out Ft. RØRY - Alchemy [32:49]
#### Far Out Ft. Monika Santucci - Wherever We Are [36:54]
#### Far Out Ft. Ally Thorn - Adventure [40:09]
Far Out's new EP further develops his sound. While I don't have much to say on each individual track, all three are an interesting adventure that provides different emotions not really discovered in other songs.

#### Luke Anders & Fahjah Ft. Linney - Air [44:44]
My favorite off of Advent Vol.2, this collab uses elements from both regular trance and progressive trance. I really like the percussion drums in the buildup.

#### Sabai - Memories (Ji-Hyeon Remix) [48:00]
Ji-Hyeon, previously Dumu, somehow manages to take the ~2015 progressive house style and make it still sound fresh.

#### Mazare Ft. Monika Santucci - That's On You [51:00]
Mazare is back with another wonderful melodic drum & bass. There's not many melodic drum & bass producers out there, which is why Mazare always pops up in these mixes <3

#### Kepik & Nick Ledesma Ft. Luma - New Horizon [54:13]
A great song with a great message. The melody and direction really helps make this tune memorable.

#### Crystal Skies Ft. PRXZM - Moment With You [57:30]
It's always fun including Crystal Skies. I'm probably a broken record at this point, but as usual their tunes are filled with energy and emotion.

#### Paper Skies, Alltair, Wiguez Ft. Mary Sweet - Edges [01:01:03]
While I've only been following Paper Skies up until now, this collab is quite the fun adventure.

#### Tofû Ft. Faithroze - Run [01:04:11]
A seemingly continuation of The End, I was taken by surprise to hear a half hardstyle and half melodic dubstep combination. And yet again, I'm blown away by the melodic drop.

#### Amidy & HALIENE - Already Home [01:07:23]
I can never get enough of HALIENE's voice, especially over melodic tracks.

#### Køld & LØST PHO3NIX - Solace [01:11:08]
The two strikeø's combine to make a chill yet powerful melodic dubstep tune. While it may not be super complex, it's still a fun song and worth a listen.

#### Gareth Emery - End Of Days (WildVibes & Martin Miller Remix) [01:14:02]
A somewhat expected collab remix, but I quite enjoy it, despite changing the overall vibe of the song. But it still works really well.

#### N33T Ft. Mizu - Another Way [01:16:35]
This kind of chillout is just so beautiful and perfect. It balances the peaceful atmosphere without compromising too much of the melodic aspect.

#### Shockline x Haley Maze - Strangers [01:20:24]
Shockline is back with another wonderful melodic chillstep tune. This kind of chillstep is so captivating because like the last track, it finds that sweet spot between melodic and chill.

#### Thomas James White - Without a Word [01:23:23]
Ambient tracks like this are just so astounding. They are peaceful and allow you to just drift in the moment without any worry. Just pure bliss.